About Us
At the outset, we take pleasure in introducing ourselves as one of the leading organizations in the marketing of Electrical Products pertaining to power Generation, Transmission & Distribution sectors. Established in the year 1980, we have been catering to the needs of Institutional buyers like NAMA, PDO, MOD, etc. and are also registered with DCRP, PDO (Vendor Code:102013),OETC (Supplier Code: 2083) and JSRS (Supplier Code- OM 101364) and various other local & multi-national contractors in Sultanate of Oman.
We are in this market for the past 45+ years and have been supplying overhead line materials like wooden poles, insulators, cables, conductors, bimetallic lugs & connectors, earthing & lightning protection solutions, safety equipment etc., for low voltage to 132kV to 220kV to 400kV tower/pole line requirements. We have a large warehouse in Ghalaindustrial area in the capital city Muscat, where we ensure inventory of all regular fast-moving items, which gives us a distinct advantage over other trading companies in terms of shorter delivery periods.
We are representing some of the renowned manufacturers from different parts of the world and for your quick understanding we are pleased to list down below a few of our major products: 
Wooden Poles 
Insulator Strings, OHL Hardware, Cross arms, etc.
Silicon Rubber Insulators 
Fiber Glass Stay Insulators 
Dead End Guy Grip, Pole Top Make off, Distribution Tie, etc. 
Cables, Conductors.
Transformers, RMU, OLU, Feeder Pillars etc. 
Cable Cleats, Trefoil Cleats & Cable Clamps, etc.
Cable Lugs, Bimetallic Lugs, Connectors. Glands, etc.
Termination Kits.
Cable Management System -Cable Trays, Channels, Trunking, Ladders, etc.
Voltage Detectors, Safety Equipment, Operating Rods, CME, AE, etc. 
Earthing & Lightning Protection Solutions
Stay Wires, Guard Wires etc.
Marconite®, Bentonite, Salt, Charcoal, etc.
We have our sister concern, Golden International Plastic Factory LLC, situated in Sohar Industrial area, a 100% Omani factory, producing underground utility protection products like Cable Tiles, Warning Tape, Warning Board etc. 
