Chairman’s Message
Welcome to Golden International Est. LLC, a reliable name in marketing of electrical products for power generation, transmission and distribution sectors. With more than 45 years of experience and a passion for excellence, we have established ourselves as one of the leading organizations that support Oman’s power transmission and distribution infrastructure and growth. Our commitment to quality, safety and reliability has earned us the trust of major utilities, contractors, and institutions across the country.
A small enterprise that started as Golden Gulf Company in 1980,has now grown into one of the leading electrical trading companies, representing some of the blue-chip manufacturers from around the world, contributing to Oman’s development while safeguarding the highest quality standards. We have been supplying overhead line materials like wooden poles, insulators, cables, conductors, lugs & connectors, earthing & lightning protection solutions, safety equipment etc., for low voltage to 132kV to 220kV to 400kV tower/pole line requirements. 
We strive to be the best and most reliable source of highest quality electrical products.
Ali K Al ShaihaniChairman
MD’s Message
Welcome to Golden International EST. LLC, a name that grew with Sultanate of Oman over the last 45+ years.A passion that took birth in 1980, built on quality, integrity and accountability, to become a synonym for trust, by supporting all major utilities, contractors, and institutionsin most of the prestigious overhead line electrical projects in Sultanate of Oman
The foundation of our success is hard work and dedication of our employees. We take great pride in fostering a dynamic and skilled team, providing them with the necessary training to excel in their roles. By investing in our people, we contribute not only to the success of our company but also to the larger goal of strengthening Oman’s industrial capabilities.
Thank you for your trust and support. We look forward to growing together in building this great nation. 
Arun K. JoharManaging Director/Partner
