PROPOSE THE FOLLOWING FOR GIE WEBPAGE
We shall have the “Home” page, probably with our office building or reception desk picture as its background. The Home page will also carry our logo as well as telephone, fax numbers and giemktg@gioman.comemail id.
Second page could be “About Us” which will include under drop down option, 
Company Profile, 
Chairman’s Message, 
MD/AMD’s Message, 
Achievements 
Group Companies.
Under Achievements, we shall have our ISO Certificate, JSRS Certificate and all approvals, viz. logos of DCRP, JSRS. MAMA, MOD, NDS, PDO, Ooredoo, RCA, OETC, Oman Broadband etc.
Major Approvals
Third page may be “Products”
Instead of displaying any principal company’s logo and separate write up, we shall have the product details as under:
We represent some of the renowned manufacturers from around the world and listed below are some of our major products.
Wooden Poles.
Insulator Strings
Cross Arms and Overhead Line Hardware
Cable Cleats, Cable Clamps etc.
Cable Lugs, Bimetallic Lugs, Connectors etc.
Termination Kits and Straight Through Joints
Voltage Detectors, Earthing Kits CME & AE, Operating Rods, Rescue Kits, Insulating Mats etc.
Earthing and Lightning Protection Solutions
Fiber Glass Stay Insulators
Cable Tiles, Caution Tapes, Warning Boards etc.
Guy Grip Dead End, Pole Top Make Off, Distribution Ties etc.
Stay Wires and Guard Wires etc.
Marconite®, Bentonite, Salt, Charcoal etc.
FRP Cable Trays, Channels, Trunking, Ladders etc.
Silicon Rubber Insulators up to 400KV
Lighting Arrestor 11KV and 33KV
Conductors, Cables etc.
Transformers, Feeder Pillars etc.
Below this writeup, in the same Products page, we will have a heading Featured Products
Under this title to display principal logos:
Rundvirke Poles AB, Sweden
Ellis Patents, UK
Anandsons Overseas Trading Pvt Ltd., India
Gala Shrink Fit, India
CYG Insulator Co. Ltd, China
Jay Bhawani Metal Industries, India
Sofamel, Spain
Jainco Transmission Limited
Tianjin Galfa Metal Product Co. Ltd.
Fourth page could be “Major Clients” and to include logos of the following:
Fifth page could be “Image Gallery” under which we can put up all pictures of office, meetings etc., to be approved by AMD.
Last page could be “Contact Us” with facility for clients to post their enquiries and messages.There shall be provision for clients to include their name,company name, contact number, email ID etc. Under this page, we shall provide complete Head Office address with google map and also our Ghala warehouse address with google map.
